fixed job information not being stored when creating submission (#288)
Smartling/wordpress-localization-plugin: readme.txt

3. Track translation status within WordPress from the Submissions Board. View overall progress of submitted translation requests as well as resend updated content.

== Changelog ==
= 2.4.3 =

> * Fixed an issue where job links were not displayed when first sending content for translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue when job links were not displayed on `Translation Progress` after submitting content for translation for the first time
```
